Chloe, I owe you an apology.
You have no idea how worried I was
when the housekeeper called to tell me
that you were dying of a fever.
I should have noticed.
So my father's free.
The case is over.
Yeah.
And about Mason, I should have believed you.
I was blinded by jealousy.
How did you know?
Sofia found out he was stalking you.
He put a camera in the room and recorded everything.
Sofia was heartbroken,
but Mason's in custody now.
So he can't hurt you anymore.
Sorry she had to find out like this.
I was an idiot.
I thought that keeping her in the dark would protect her,
but instead I hurt you both.
So the case is over,
and Sofia knows.
You don't have to buy my silence anymore.
It's all over now.
Yeah, it's all over now.
You asked me to move out?
Does that mean our deal is done?